Kairless Jack My friend Jack was always having accidents.
He did not pay attention to where he was going or what he was doing.
A few months ago a car hit him while he was on his way home from school.
The driver was a bit tired so he did not see Jack.
And Jack was talking on his mobile phone and was riding in the middle of the road.
The car hit him, he broke his leg and was in hospital for over a month.
Last week he fell down a hole in the park.
As usual he was not looking where he was going.
Some kindhearted people in the park helped him climb out of the hole and then took him
to hospital because he was in a lot of pain.
Luckily he did not break an arm or a leg.
At the hospital the doctors gave him some medicine and then he went home.
I always told him to be careful but he did not listen to me.
After the two accidents he promised to take my advice.
Now he is very careful.